TELCODOCS-347-SNO-DU-INSTALL (#42471)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sno-du-configuring-the-operators.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *scalability_and_performance/sno-du-deploying-clusters-on-single-nodes.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="sno-du-configuring-the-operators_{context}"]
= Creating OperatorGroups for Operators

> This configuration is provided to add the Operators needed to configure the platform post
> installation. It adds the Local Storage Operator, Logging Operator, Performance Addon Operator,
> PTP Operator and the SRIOV Network Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration is provided to enable addition of the Operators needed to configure the platform post
installation. It adds the Namespaces and OperatorGroups for the Local Storage Operator, Logging Operator, Performance Addon Operator, PTP Operator and the SRIOV Network Operator.
```

Author: changed.
